---
layout: exhibit
title: 'Blog Example B: Inline Image References'
author: Sophia Crawford
publish_date: 2018-11-15
permalink: /exhibits/b/
---

Cornelia Conway Felton Horsford spent her young adulthood summering on Shelter Island.  Her journal from this time in her life is filled with an ongoing list of various expenses and monetary exchanges between workers, family members, and acquaintances.  As Cornelia did not yet inherit Sylvester Manor yet, she was still learning the ins and outs of owning and carefully managing an estate.  Cornelia came to understand the importance of recording her daily tasks as a significant way to record the present activities of the house for posterity.  Cornelia’s expenses were not only meticulously documented for the sake of financial record keeping, but they were also written down as part of Cornelia’s desire to record the events happening in her life.  In her journal, Cornelia makes notes of the different gifts she got for family members and payments that were made to her from them- indicating a more complex relationship between her family members.  It seems as though her relationship with them also was affected by Cornelia’s upstanding position within the family as the heiress to the Manor and her family’s estate. 

{% include inline_image.html collection='testsm2' pid='cuid4751' %}

This series of notes details everyday expenses in a well-organized, continuous, and chronological list– similarly to how we might keep a grocery or a “to-do list” today. What stands out about Cornelia’s entries, all entered in 1879, is that she not only creates a tracker of her expenses and writes down every single monetary transaction she has, she also includes other thoughts and even drawings throughout her journal. Some of the items she recorded include a beautiful black velvet bow, lace gloves, household items such as an iron, money that she gave to her aunt, and even a list of various renovation expenses that she paid for.  Further relating to Cornelia’s personal and familial status, the itemized lists in her journals consist of purchases of distinct types of fabrics such as blue satin, other clothing items and accessories such as stockings, pins, and handkerchiefs.  These are items that elites would make note of, as these are all expensive items they wished to buy.  Household upkeep was also emphasized throughout her entries, as the need to set aside money to remodel and update interior and exterior parts of the house such as the toilets or changing the wallpaper were noted.  These expenses also included the purchasing of supplies needed for her horse and carriage maintenance fees.